  1 - install SSL cert on site2
  2 - create db's
  3 - copy and test cron job scripts
  4 - create email forwarders
  5 -   including Goldstar forwarder
  6 - freeze CVS
  7 - do CVS checkout on site2
  8 - do SVN import on site2
  9 - do SVN checkout locally
 10 - run 'cap deploy' on site2
 11 - test deployment by running regressions, etc
 12 - test 'cap stop' on site2
 13 - bring site2 down
 14 - bring site1 down
 15 -  snapshot db
 16 -  import db snapshot
 17 -  change DNS pointer
 18 -  wait 24 hrs
 19 - bring site2 up

OK, enough is enough.

i have writen several tickets and conversed with two of your techsuport people regarding "Lost connection to SQL server" abruptly in the middle of a Rails app transaction.

i have explained that this is due to YOUR misconfiguriation of MySQL to silently shut down a socket after 45 seconds, and YOUR configuration of FastCGI which i cannot control.

the result is that MY customers cannot purcahse tickets.  i have lost HUNDREDS OF DOLLARS already in sales because of this, and it has generated a lot of backlog to our phone sales line as well as hostile customer calls.

nobody has offered to fix this, even after i debugged the problem for you, or even responded to my previous ticket when i requested to be notified prior to improtant updates.  (you previously updated Rails without warning anyone, which BREAKS backwards compatiability even for those of us who have followed all the best practices of not hardwiring a Rails_gem_version, etc.)

the bottom line is that even though i paid nearly $100 for a 1-year hosting plan, your "service" has now cost me several hundred dollars in sales in the last month alone, due to a MISCONFIGURATION on YOUR part which i am powerless to change.

i am therefore MOVING my app off of your service PERMANENTLY in the next business week.  i have already setup hosting elsewhere and i will be actively telling my colleagues to stay away from your site if they care about Rails hosting.

furthermore, i AM REQUESTING A REFUND of my hosting fees for my current plan.  the way i see it, i am being more than fair, as the alternative would be to take you to SMALL CLAIMS COURT for the sales i have LOST due to your misconfiguration, your unannounced "upgrade", your lack of ability to provide support for something you advertise as being a feature of your site (Rails), and your lack of responsiveness to my earlier ticket(s).  (the one time i did get a response to a Rails related question, it was fairly condescending.  go ahead and check; i replied to it expressing my dismay.  as it is, i have spent a LOT of my time troubleshooting YOUR configruation for you, and frankly i do not have the time for that.)

i'd go into even more detail, but i've already filed many tickets and made several calls to tech support; check your logs if you need to verify this.

so, i propose to make this separation easy on both parties.

below is a copy of the original setup email from Bluehost showing a $95.40 transaction fee for a year of hosting.  (according to colleagues who use HostingRails, where i will be moving, this is more than twice what it's worth.)

the easy resolution is: you refund my $95.40, i get my app OFF of your site in the next 5 business days, and we forget about each other forever.  i can provide my credit card information to process this FULL refund.

if you're not agreeable to that, let me know and i will pursue a small claims court resolution for the hosting fees plus the lost sales (by our current estimate approximately $400).  i have the ticket history, email correspondence and application exception logs to back all of this up, so i am confident the outcome would be decided in my favor, but i would rather avoid wasting your time (and more of mine) on this relationship.

i thought i had dealt with poor service and lack of professionalism in shared hosting at other sites, but this has been far worse since my theater has actually LOST MONEY because of you.  therefore please let me know at once how we may terminate this relationship on the terms i have described above.

my original signup email follows.  


  Thank you for your order from BlueHost.Com!  We are excited to have
  you as our customer! In order to ensure your happiness we will
  make every effort to give you the best support available.  If you
  ever have a question please fill out our tech support form available
  at www.bluehost.com or call us toll free at (888) 401-HOST (4678).

  Below is your BlueHost account information:

  Domain Name      : audience1st.com
  BlueHost Username: audience
  BlueHost Password: foobar
  Site's IP Address: 70.103.140.144

  Term: 12 Months
  Setup Fee:   $0
  Domain Fee:  $0.00
  Hosting Fee: $95.40 ($7.95 x 12 months)
              =========
  Total Bill:  $95.40

